Document no-code workspace update APIs (#442)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/no-code-provisioning.mdx

      },
      "remote-state-consumers": {
        "links": {
          "related": "/api/v2/workspaces/ws-qACTToFUM5BvDKhC/relationships/remote-state-consumers"
        }
      },
      "current-state-version": {
        "data": null
      },
      "current-configuration-version": {
        "data": {
          "id": "cv-vizi2p3mnrt3utgA",
          "type": "configuration-versions"
        },
        "links": {
          "related": "/api/v2/configuration-versions/cv-vizi2p3mnrt3utgA"
        }
      },
      "agent-pool": {
        "data": null
      },
      "readme": {
        "data": null
      },
      "project": {
        "data": {
          "id": "prj-yuEN6sJVra5t6XVy",
          "type": "projects"
        }
      },
      "current-assessment-result": {
        "data": null
      },
      "no-code-module-version": {
        "data": {
          "id": "nocodever-vFcQjZLs3ZHTe4TU",
          "type": "no-code-module-versions"
        }
      },
      "vars": {
        "data": []
      }
    },
    "links": {
      "self": "/api/v2/organizations/hashicorp/workspaces/no-code-workspace",
      "self-html": "/app/hashicorp/workspaces/no-code-workspace"
    }
  }
}
```

> ## Update a Workspace to use a new No-Code module version

Reviewer: I believe it might be more consistent with other API documentation to break out a heading for each of the three steps here, rather than documenting three APIs under a single heading. I think that the descriptions of each API can handle covering where you are in the overall upgrade process, and link to the next step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initiate a Workspace Update to new No-Code provisioning settings
```

> These endpoints update a Workspace to a new No-Code module version. They form a multi-part update process. Once an update is initiated, Terraform Cloud starts a new plan, containing the resources that will be added, deleted, and updated. When the plan completes, perform a request to confirm and apply the changes of the updated module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading a workspace's No-code provisioning settings is a multi-step process. First, use this API to initiate the update. Terraform Cloud will start a new plan, which will describe the resources that will be added, updated, or removed from the workspace, should you choose to confirm the plan in a later step.

After calling this API, the next step is to await the completion of the plan, by polling [the API which shows plan status](#read-workspace-upgrade-plan-status).
```

              "category": "terraform",
              "hcl": true,
              "sensitive": false,
            }
          },
          {
            "type": "vars",
            "attributes": {
              "key": "ami",
              "value": "ami‑077062",
              "category": "terraform",
              "hcl": true,
              "sensitive": false,
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}

```

### Sample Request

```shell
curl \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  --header "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
  --request POST \
  --data @payload.json \
  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/organizations/hashicorp/no-code-modules/nocode-WGckovT2RQxupyt1/workspaces/ws-qACTToFUM5BvDKhC
```
### Sample Response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": "run-Cyij8ctBHM1g5xdX",
    "type": "workspace-upgrade",
    "attributes": {
      "status": "planned",
      "plan-url": "https://app.terraform.io/app/hashicorp/no-code-workspace/runs/run-Cyij8ctBHM1g5xdX"
    },
    "relationships": {
      "workspace": {
        "data": {
          "id": "ws-VvKtcfueHNkR6GqP",
          "type": "workspaces"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Read Workspace Upgrade Plan Status
```

`GET /no-code-modules/:no_code_module_id/workspaces/:workspace_id/upgrade/:id`

| Parameter            | Description                    |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------|
| `:no_code_module_id` | The ID of the No-Code module.  |
| `:workspace_id`      | The ID of workspace.           |
| `:id`                | The ID of update.              |

### Sample Request

```shell
curl \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  --header "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
  --request GET \
  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/organizations/hashicorp/no-code-modules/nocode-WGckovT2RQxupyt1/workspaces/ws-qACTToFUM5BvDKhC/upgrade/run-Cyij8ctBHM1g5xdX
```

### Sample Response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": "run-Cyij8ctBHM1g5xdX",
    "type": "workspace-upgrade",
    "attributes": {
      "status": "planned_and_finished",
      "plan-url": "https://app.terraform.io/app/hashicorp/no-code-workspace/runs/run-Cyij8ctBHM1g5xdX"
    },
    "relationships": {
      "workspace": {
        "data": {
          "id": "ws-VvKtcfueHNkR6GqP",
          "type": "workspaces"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Confirm and Apply a Workspace Upgrade Plan
```

### Sample Payload

```json
{
  "data": {
    "type": "workspaces",
    "relationships": {
        "vars": {
        "data": [
          {
            "type": "vars",
            "attributes": {
              "key": "region",
              "value": "eu-central-1",
              "category": "terraform",
              "hcl": true,
              "sensitive": false,
            }
          },
          {
            "type": "vars",
            "attributes": {
              "key": "ami",
              "value": "ami‑077062",
              "category": "terraform",
              "hcl": true,
              "sensitive": false,
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}

```

### Sample Request

```shell
curl \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  --header "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
  --request POST \
  --data @payload.json \
  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/organizations/hashicorp/no-code-modules/nocode-WGckovT2RQxupyt1/workspaces/ws-qACTToFUM5BvDKhC
```
### Sample Response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": "run-Cyij8ctBHM1g5xdX",
    "type": "workspace-upgrade",
    "attributes": {

>       "status": "planned",

Reviewer: Is it possible to document an enumeration of what the valid values for `"status"` are? It seems important to be able to document clearly when someone should stop polling, and move on to the confirmation step.

This came up for me when I was QA testing -- and for whatever reason my workspace's status said `"cost_estimated"` and THAT was the waiting-for-approval step. I was confused because I was looking for `"planned"`.
